[IMP] accounting: add implementation/go-live instructions (#19147)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/finance/accounting/get_started.rst

Get started
===========

> While some companies use Odoo from their first day of business, many companies need to transition to

Reviewer: I think it might be worth it to change this intro slightly to have a bullet list that visually separates company starting directly in odoo and companies transisitoning from another system. I would also add refs in the intro where appropriate.

What do you think?

Odoo from a different legacy accounting software. The process for companies starting directly with
Odoo is much simpler but still involves validating the fiscal localization, importing master data,
and configuring their Accounting settings to meet their business needs. The process for companies

> transitioning to Odoo involves those same steps plus importing their opening entries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
transitioning to Odoo involves the same steps, as well as importing their opening entries.
```
(just want to replace the *plus* here)

.. image:: get_started/overview.png

>    :alt: The steps of implementing Odoo Accounting.

Reviewer: I would replace the image with a numbered list (with bullet sub-lists), or maybe a table; I think it'd be more useful (and maybe refs to the relevant sections for all list items)

.. note::
   The process of transitioning from a legacy software system to Odoo Accounting is complex and can
   vary greatly from one business to another. While these instructions provide the basic steps of
   the process, Odoo's `Success Packs <https://www.odoo.com/pricing-packs>`_ allow you to get
   personalized instructions on how best to adapt the process to your business's needs. Advanced
   users can use these instructions as a guide to transition to Odoo Accounting with the
   understanding that they may have individual needs not covered here.

.. tip::
   It is recommended to practice this process in a test database and work in parallel with your
   prior accounting workflows in case there are any issues.

.. _accounting/get_started/db-creation:

At database/company creation
============================

.. _accounting/get_started/localization:

Verify fiscal localization

> --------------------------

Reviewer: Since this is the only h3 in this section, i'd consider removing it and replacing it with an intro sentence

:doc:`Fiscal localization packages <../fiscal_localizations>` are country-specific modules that
install pre-configured taxes, fiscal positions, charts of accounts, and legal statements on your
database. Some additional features, such as the configuration of specific certificates, are also
added to the Accounting app, following your fiscal administration requirements.

> A fiscal localization package is automatically installed based on the country selected at the
> creation of the database. Some countries have multiple fiscal localization packages for different

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A fiscal localization package is automatically installed based on the country selected when the database is created. Some countries have multiple fiscal localization packages for different
```

> business types, so be sure to verify the fiscal localization package that is set. To do so, go to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
business types, so be sure to verify that the correct package is installed. To do so, go to
```

:menuselection:`Accounting --> Configuration --> Settings` and verify the correct localization is
set in the :guilabel:`Package` field in the :guilabel:`Fiscal Localization` section.

.. warning::

>    Selecting another package is only possible if only possible if no journal entry has been posted

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Selecting another package is only possible if no journal entry has been posted
```

   yet.

.. _accounting/get_started/prior:

Prior to implementation
=======================

.. _accounting/get_started/master-data:

Accounting master data
----------------------

> Master data is data that other records rely on. For example, it's impossible to have an invoice
> without a customer. The customer, or contact, is master data. Because other records rely on master
> data, the order of transferring accounting data into Odoo (whether manually or via import), is
> crucial.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Master data is data that other records rely on. For example, an invoice requires a customer;
the customer, or contact, is therefore master data. Because other records depend on master data, the order in which accounting data is transferred into Odoo, whether manually or via import, is crucial.
```
I though we could improve the style a little bit here (especially the second sentence), but feel free to adapt this further

.. _accounting/get_started/coa:

Chart of accounts
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The :doc:`chart of accounts <get_started/chart_of_accounts>` is the foundation of all accounting
records, and as such, it needs to be created before other database records. A standard chart of
accounts is included with each fiscal localization, but most businesses have their own chart of

> accounts with its own accounts. Some of these accounts likely serve the same purpose as some of

Reviewer: Could we replace the second *own* by something else here?

> Odoo's standard accounts, but they may have a different name and/or code. To handle these accounts,

Reviewer: what do you mean by *Odoo's standard accounts* here? Bank, Sales, etc.?
Should we maybe link to a doc to clarify?

simply edit the account name and/or account code of the standard Odoo accounts in your database to
use the name and code that you prefer. Other accounts may not have an analogous account in Odoo's
standard chart of accounts and can therefore be created manually or :ref:`imported
<essentials/export_import_data/import-data>`.

.. tip::

>    Account codes must be unique per chart of accounts, so verify that any newly created accounts
>    do not share the same code as an existing account before manually creating or importing the new
>    accounts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Account codes must be unique per chart of accounts, so ensure that any newly created or imported accounts do not share the same code as an existing account.
```

.. danger::
   Because certain standard accounts are set as the default accounts for various fields (on

>    products, product categories, contacts, and in the accounting settings), **deleting them or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   products, product categories, contacts, and in the Accounting settings), **deleting them or
```

   changing their account type can break basic processes** like creating an invoice. Instead of
   deleting accounts in Odoo's standard chart of accounts, simply rename and recode them.

.. seealso::

>    `Update your chart of accounts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   `Odoo Tutorial: Update your chart of accounts
```
or something similar just to make it clear this is a video like we do in other docs?

   <https://www.odoo.com/slides/slide/update-your-chart-of-accounts-6391>`_

.. _accounting/get_started/currency:

Currency
~~~~~~~~

If additional :doc:`currencies <get_started/multi_currency>` are required beyond the default of the
company's fiscal localization, activate them. Currency rates can be set to update automatically in
the :guilabel:`Currencies` section of the Accounting settings.

.. _accounting/get_started/journals:

Journals
~~~~~~~~

> Standard :doc:`journals <get_started/journals>` such as a sales journal, a purchase journal, a bank
> journal, and more are created by default, but additional journal can be created to manage different
> situations including:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Standard :doc:`journals <get_started/journals>` such as a sales journal, a purchase journal, a bank
journal, and more are created by default, but additional journals can be created to manage different
situations, including:
```

- tracking income through multiple sales journals
- having multiple bank accounts, each with its own journal
- managing loans, tax returns, payroll, and more with miscellaneous journals

Recording payments in bank, cash, and credit card journals can create journal entries or not,
depending on the journal's configuration. By default, no journal entries are created for payments.
To configure a journal to create payments, set :ref:`outstanding payments accounts
<accounting/journals/outstanding-accounts>` on the journal's payment methods.

.. _accounting/get_started/fiscal-positions:

Fiscal positions
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

:doc:`Fiscal positions <taxes/fiscal_positions>` allow you to configure products to use different

> income/expense accounts and apply different :doc:`Taxes <taxes>` depending on the customer or vendor

Reviewer: ```suggestion
income/expense accounts and apply different :doc:`taxes <taxes>` depending on the customer or vendor
```

> that is purchasing them from you or selling them to you. They can also be configured to apply

Reviewer: ```suggestion
purchasing or selling them. They can also be configured to apply
```

automatically based on the customer's or vendor's location. Default fiscal positions are included

> when installing your :doc:`fiscal localization package <../fiscal_localizations>`, but existing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
when installing a :doc:`fiscal localization package <../fiscal_localizations>`, but existing
```

fiscal positions can be adjusted and new fiscal positions can be created manually.

.. _accounting/get_started/taxes:

Taxes
~~~~~

:doc:`taxes` interact with many different aspects of accounting, including :doc:`fiscal positions
<taxes/fiscal_positions>`, :ref:`accounts <taxes/definition-tab>`, and products. Default taxes are

> included when installing your :doc:`fiscal localization package <../fiscal_localizations>`, but

Reviewer: ```suggestion
included when installing a :doc:`fiscal localization package <../fiscal_localizations>`, but
```

> included when installing your :doc:`fiscal localization package <../fiscal_localizations>`, but

Reviewer: ```suggestion
included when installing a :doc:`fiscal localization package <../fiscal_localizations>`, but
```

existing taxes can be adjusted and new taxes can be created manually.

.. _accounting/get_started/payment-terms:

Payment terms
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

:doc:`Payment terms <customer_invoices/payment_terms>` detail the conditions of payment for records
such as sales and purchase orders, customer invoices, and vendor bills. Payment terms also allow you
to define installment plans for when one record's payments should be made in multiple installments.

As they are both used to dictate when payment is due, payment terms and due dates are mutually

> exclusive - a record can only have one or the other.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
exclusive: a record can only have one or the other.
```

.. _accounting/get_started/add-master-data:

Additional master data
----------------------

.. _accounting/get_started/products:

Products and product categories
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

:doc:`Import your products <../../sales/sales/products_prices/products/import>` and product

> categories or create them manually. Product categories have multiple fields that relate to
> accounting, including:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
categories or create them manually. Multiple fields on the product category form relate to
accounting, including:
```

- :ref:`Costing Method <costing-methods>`
- :ref:`Inventory Valuation <accounting/inventory-valuation/valuation-method>`
- :guilabel:`Income Account`
- :guilabel:`Expense Account`
- :guilabel:`Stock Account`
- :guilabel:`Price Difference Account` (available only on product categories that use
  :guilabel:`Perpetual (at invoicing)` for their :guilabel:`Inventory Valuation`)

> By default, products adopt their :guilabel:`Income Account` and :guilabel:`Expense Account` from
> their product category, but these can be overridden on the products themselves. Additionally,
> products have other fields that relate to accounting, including:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, products inherit their :guilabel:`Income Account` and :guilabel:`Expense Account` from their product category, but these accounts can be overridden for each product. Other fields on the product form relate to accounting as well, including:
```

- :guilabel:`Invoicing policy`
- :guilabel:`Sales Taxes`
- :guilabel:`Cost` (which is particularly important for importing the :ref:`opening inventory
  <accounting/get_started/open-inventory>`)
- :guilabel:`Purchase Taxes`

> .. tip::
>    Import product categories first so that the product import can include which category each
>    product belongs to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. tip::
   Import product categories before products so that each product's category can be
specified during the product import.
```

.. _accounting/get_started/contact-bank:

Contact banks and bank accounts
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

To send payments to vendors (such as with :ref:`SEPA credit transfer <accounting/sepa_payments/sct>`
or :doc:`NACHA <../fiscal_localizations/united_states>` files) and collect payments from customers

> via :ref:`SEPA direct debit <accounting/sepa_payments/sdd>`, you must have the customer's or
> vendor's bank account set on their contact record.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
via :ref:`SEPA direct debit <accounting/sepa_payments/sdd>`, the customer's or
vendor's bank account must be set on their contact form.
```

:ref:`Import <essentials/export_import_data/import-data>` your contacts' :ref:`banks
<accounting/batch/create-bank>` and :ref:`bank accounts <accounting/batch/create-bank-account>` or
create them manually.

.. _accounting/get_started/contacts:

Contacts
~~~~~~~~

:ref:`Import <essentials/export_import_data/import-data>` your :doc:`contacts

> <../../essentials/contacts>` or create them manually. Contacts have multiple fields that affect
> their accounting records such as invoices and bills, including:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<../../essentials/contacts>` or create them manually. Multiple fields on the contact form affect
accounting records such as invoices and bills, including:
```

- :doc:`Payment Terms <customer_invoices/payment_terms>` for sales and for purchases
- :doc:`Fiscal Position <taxes/fiscal_positions>`
- :guilabel:`Account Receivable`
- :guilabel:`Account Payable`
- :ref:`Invoice sending <accounting/invoice/sending>` preferences (visible only in :ref:`developer
  mode <developer-mode>`)
- :guilabel:`eInvoice format`
- Peppol e-address (EAS)
- e-invoicing endpoint
- :ref:`Bank accounts <accounting/batch/create-bank-account>`
- Additional e-invoicing fields may be available depending on the :doc:`fiscal localization
  <../fiscal_localizations>`

.. _accounting/get_started/accounting-config:

Accounting configurations
-------------------------

> The following primary accounting configurations are crucial to successfully setting up your
> accounting records. The majority of these are found in the Accounting settings
> (:menuselection:`Accounting --> Configuration --> Settings`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following primary accounting configurations are crucial to successfully setting up
accounting records. The majority of these are found in the Accounting settings and accessible via :menuselection:`Accounting --> Configuration --> Settings`.
```
or something similar

> - :doc:`Company information <../../general/companies>` such as name, address, logo, phone, and email

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :doc:`Company information <../../general/companies>`, such as its name, address, logo, phone, and email
```

  address
- :ref:`accounting/tax-returns/periodicity`

> - :guilabel:`Rounding Method` - Whether the total tax amount should be rounded per line or per tax
>   can be set in the :guilabel:`Taxes` section of the Accounting settings.
> - :guilabel:`Prices` - Whether taxes should be :guilabel:`Tax Excluded` or :guilabel:`Tax Included`
>   by default can be set in the :guilabel:`Taxes` section of the Accounting settings.
> - :doc:`customer_invoices/terms_conditions`
> - :guilabel:`Default accounts` - Default accounts can be set in the following two sections of the
>   Accounting settings:
> 
>   - :guilabel:`Default accounts` - additional default accounts beyond those found on each journal
>   - :guilabel:`Inventory valuation` - other default accounts regarding both inventory valuation and
>     manufacturing accounting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Rounding Method`: Choose whether the total tax amount is rounded per line or per tax in the :guilabel:`Taxes` section of the Accounting settings.
- :guilabel:`Prices`: Choose whether prices are :guilabel:`Tax Excluded` or :guilabel:`Tax Included` by default can be set in the :guilabel:`Taxes` section of the Accounting settings.
- :doc:`customer_invoices/terms_conditions`
- :guilabel:`Default accounts` can be set in the following two sections of the
  Accounting settings:

  - :guilabel:`Default accounts`: Additional default accounts beyond those configured for each journal
  - :guilabel:`Inventory valuation`: Other default accounts regarding both inventory valuation and manufacturing accounting
```
- replaced all hyphens (and maybe check the rest of the doc for this too --> EDIT: I added a general comment for this)
- imperative form to be a bit more direct here
- prices instead of taxes I assume for the Prices field

- :ref:`Fiscal year end date <accounting/year-end/fiscal-years>`
- :doc:`customer_invoices/sequence`

.. _accounting/get_started/open-entries:

Opening entries
===============

> Companies that are transitioning to Odoo with existing account balances, open invoices and bills,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Companies transitioning to Odoo with existing account balances, open invoices and bills,
```

and an opening inventory count need to enter that information in their Odoo database so that they
are accurately represented.

The process of bringing in an :ref:`opening trial balance <accounting/get_started/open-tb>` and
:ref:`open invoices/bills <accounting/get_started/open-bills>` introduces complications because it
can cause duplicated values if done incorrectly.

.. example::

>    A company has a current balance of $1000 in their account receivable, reflecting the $1000 that
>    they are owed for their open invoices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   A company has a current balance of $1000 in its account receivable, reflecting the $1000 that
   they are owed for its open invoices.
```
I think?

   If these open invoices and the balance of the account receivable are both created in Odoo without
   making any changes, the account receivable will mistakenly reflect a balance of $2000:

   - $1000 from the opening trial balance of the account receivable
   - $1000 from the creation of the open invoices in Odoo

The same concept applies to open vendor bills and the account payable.

> To avoid this error, using *clearing accounts*, which are accounts that temporarily hold the value

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To avoid this error, use *clearing accounts*, which are accounts that temporarily hold the value
```

before being balanced (or "cleared").

.. _accounting/get_started/transition:

When to transition
------------------

> Determine when to transition your accounting workflows to Odoo. There are three options for when to
> transition:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are three options for when to transition your accounting workflows to Odoo:
```

- At the end of the fiscal year: this is the easiest option because it minimizes the data that needs
  to be transferred.

> - At the end of the tax period: with this option, you can choose to post all of the past entries
>   from the past entries from the period or only the balance of each account at the end of the
>   period.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- At the end of the tax period: with this option, you can choose to post all of the past entries
  from the period or only the balance of each account at the end of the
  period.
```

- In the middle of a tax period: this option is not recommended because it causes additional work
  and complications. Splitting a tax period between a legacy software and Odoo complicates the tax

>   filing process since the data of the two systems must be combined.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  filing process since the data from the two systems must be combined.
```

Prepare the following documents from your previous system(s):

- Opening account balances
- Open (unpaid) invoices and credit notes
- Open (unpaid) vendor bills and refunds
- Opening inventory count

.. note::
   If journal entries have been created through the use of the Invoicing app or stock moves in a
   system with an automated inventory valuation, use the :guilabel:`Invoicing Switch Threshold`
   feature in the Accounting settings to cancel all journal entries before the specified date to

>    start with a clean general ledger. Additionally, creating an opening bank transaction(s) is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   start with a clean general ledger. Additionally, creating an opening bank transaction is
```
or if the plural is important here, let's rephrase a bit

   necessary to match the current bank account(s) balance.

.. warning::

>    Before starting the process of creating your opening entries in Odoo, verify that your data meets

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Before starting the process of creating your opening entries in Odoo, verify that the data meets
```

   the following requirements:

   - The sum of the opening trial balances of all receivable accounts must equal the sum of the open
     customer invoices minus credit notes.
   - The sum of the opening trial balances of all payable accounts must equal the sum of the open
     vendor bills minus refunds.
   - The sum of the opening trial balance values of all inventory accounts must equal the sum of the
     value of the inventory (calculated by multiplying the product cost by the product quantity for
     each product and summing them together).
   - The opening trial balance itself must be balanced.

.. _accounting/get_started/open-bills:

Open invoices and bills
-----------------------

> Companies transitioning to Odoo need to import or manually create their open (meaning existing but

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Companies transitioning to Odoo need to import or manually create their open (i.e., existing but
```

> not yet fully paid) invoices and vendor bills (as well as any credit notes ore refunds) in Odoo so

Reviewer: ```suggestion
not yet fully paid) invoices and vendor bills (as well as any credit notes or refunds) in Odoo so
```

that no invoice or bill is lost in the transition. Importing these records is largely the same
process for both invoices and bills and is done in three steps:

#. :ref:`Preparing invoices/bills <accounting/get_started/prep-bills>`
#. :ref:`Validating invoices/bills <accounting/get_started/validate-bills>`
#. :ref:`Importing invoices/bills <accounting/get_started/import-bills>`

.. note::
   For simplicity's sake, it is recommended to import each invoice/bill with only the total amount

>    due instead of with individual invoice/bill lines. This avoids common errors such as tax accounts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   due, rather than individual invoice/bill lines. This avoids common errors such as tax accounts
```

   being affected twice for the same record.

.. _accounting/get_started/prep-bills:

Prepare invoices and bills
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Prepare the open invoices and bills using the import template available in Odoo. To access the
import templates:

- For invoices and credit notes, go to :menuselection:`Accounting --> Customers --> Invoices`, click
  the :icon:`fa-cog` (:guilabel:`gear`) icon, and click :icon:`fa-download` :guilabel:`Import
  records`. Click :icon:`fa-download` :guilabel:`Import Template for Invoices` to download the
  template.
- For vendor bills and refunds, go to :menuselection:`Accounting --> Vendors --> Bills`, click the
  :icon:`fa-cog` (:guilabel:`gear`) icon, and click :icon:`fa-download` :guilabel:`Import records`.
  Click :icon:`fa-download` :guilabel:`Import Template for Bills` to download the template.

Prepare the following fields:

.. list-table::
   :header-rows: 1
   :stub-columns: 1

   * - Field
     - Description
   * - Partner
     - Customer name (must exactly match a contact record in Odoo)
   * - Number

>      - Invoice number (e.g. BILL/2026/00001) - this number must **not** already exist in this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - Invoice number (e.g., BILL/2026/00001) - this number must **not** already exist in this
```

       database yet, otherwise it will have to be :doc:`resequenced <customer_invoices/sequence>`
   * - Reference
     - (Optional) Invoice reference (i.e., the name of the document that created this invoice)
   * - Invoice Bill Date
     - Date the invoice was created (note that an error will occur on import if the year in the

>        :guilabel:`Number` and the year in this field are different)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - Date the invoice was created. Ensure the year in the :guilabel:`Number` field and the year in this field are the same to prevent errors.

   * - Due Date

>      - Date the invoice/bill is due - each invoice can have either a due date or payment terms, but

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - Date the invoice/bill is due. Each invoice/bill can have either a due date or payment terms, but
```

       not both.
   * - Payment Terms

>      - The :doc:`payment terms <customer_invoices/payment_terms>` of the invoice/bill each invoice

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - The :doc:`payment terms <customer_invoices/payment_terms>` of the invoice/bill. Each invoice/bill
```

#. Click :guilabel:`Test` and, when the :guilabel:`Everything seems valid` banner appears, click
   :guilabel:`Import`.
#. The records are all imported as drafts. From the resulting list view, select the imported draft
   records, click :icon:`fa-gear` :guilabel:`Actions`, and click :guilabel:`Confirm Entries`.
#. Repeat the process for the other record types (invoices, bills, credit notes, and refunds).

.. _accounting/get_started/open-inventory:

Opening inventory
-----------------

.. note::
   The process of creating an opening inventory count and the associated inventory valuation is the
   same regardless of the :ref:`accounting standard
   <accounting/inventory-valuation/accounting-standards>` or :ref:`valuation method
   <accounting/inventory-valuation/configuration>`.

The process of importing an opening inventory is done in three steps:

#. :ref:`Preparing inventory <accounting/get_started/prep-inventory>`
#. :ref:`Validating inventory <accounting/get_started/validate-inventory>`
#. :ref:`Importing inventory <accounting/get_started/import-inventory>`

.. _accounting/get_started/prep-inventory:

Prepare inventory
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> If product costs were not already included when the products were created, add them now, either by
> manually updating the :guilabel:`Cost` field on the products themselves, or via an :ref:`import to
> update <essentials/update-data>` it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If product costs were not already included when the products were created, update them, either manually in the :guilabel:`Cost` field on each product form, or via an :ref:`import <essentials/update-data>`.
```

.. tip::
   To import products that use a :abbr:`FIFO (first in first out)` costing method with multiple
   quantities at different costs, set the cost on the product form, then import the quantity at that

>    cost. Repeat the process as any times as needed, once for each different cost.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   cost. Repeat the process as many times as needed, once for each different cost.
```

accounts in the chart of accounts, each with its balance as either a debit or a credit.

Prepare the opening trial balance by inserting the information from your legacy software into the
journal entry import template available in Odoo. To access the import template for journal entries,
go to :menuselection:`Accounting --> Accounting --> Journal Entries`, click the :icon:`fa-cog`
(:guilabel:`gear`) icon, and click :icon:`fa-download` :guilabel:`Import records`. Click
:icon:`fa-download` :guilabel:`Import Template for Misc. Operations` to download the template.

Insert the data of the trial balance in the template with the following fields:

.. list-table::
   :header-rows: 1
   :stub-columns: 1

   * - Field
     - Description
   * - Reference
     - A reference that identifies this journal entry (e.g., `Opening trial balance` or something
       similar)
   * - Date
     - The date of this journal entry
   * - Journal
     - The journal this journal entry should exist in. The default miscellaneous journal is
       recommended.
   * - Journal Items/Account
     - The account code and/or name
   * - Journal Items/Debit

>      - The debit value of the account in the company's main currency as a positive number. If the

Reviewer: Could we drop "as a positive number"? it sounds a bit odd to me. I think it might've been added to exclude negative numbers, but if so, I feel like your last sentence already covers that?

       line has a credit, this field should be left blank. Do not enter `0.00` or a negative value.
   * - Journal Items/Credit
     - The credit value of the account in the company's main currency as a positive number. If the

>        line has a debit, this field should be left blank. Do not enter `0.00` or a negative value.

Reviewer: same as above for positive number
